wip (#1)
krpeacock/kyle-peacock.com: src/pages/blog/dfinity/certified-assets.mdx

Next we take the labeled tree and encode it into a hash tree. This is important for constructing proofs, because it simplifies the model in ways that are over my head. 

Select portions of the full state of the replica, including certified data, request_status, are then compared through the IC's core process of distributed signing.

The hash tree is then exchanged with the other nodes of your canister. The different replicas will sign the computed hash with their interpretation of the state of the replica. The consensus will reach a 2/3 + 1 agreement on the state, and then they can produce the certified tree. 

#### The algorithmic proof

Okay, this part is even more technical. There's a slide about it, but it's basically about pruning the tree to not include the full value of the tree, but to replace the less relevant portions like time and request status with hashes to improve performance. By the end of the process (called confederation), all you need to know are the canister and its certified data.

Props to the PHD's for pulling this off - it seems pretty elegant.

## Certified Variables

> Next, we're getting into how you use this. In Rust, we have a method called `set_certified_data` that certifies data every time that the structure changes during updates. During queries, you can fetch `data_certificate` which will represent the signed hash tree result from earlier. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we're getting into how you use this. In the Internet Computer System API, we have a method called `set_certified_data` that certifies data every time that the structure changes during updates. During queries, you can fetch `data_certificate` which will represent the signed hash tree result from earlier. 
```
(not rust specific)
